SpreeOrderGroove
================

Introduction goes here.

Installation
------------

This extension integrate the classical OrderGroove server. It tags products page, checkout pages, create credit, and provide the drop order API to orderGroove.

you need one orderGroove account to test it.

This extension assume you are using multi-domain extension or the spree 3.0 which support multi-domain.
The API call you give to OrderGroove will be:
yourdomain.com/api/orders/ogcreateorder

one example call in linux is:
curl -X POST -H "Content-Type: text/xml" -d "@the_order_from_ordergroove.xml" --header "X-Spree-Token: the_token_you_authorize_ordergroove" yourdomain.com/api/orders/ogcreateorder

Setup in Spree
------------
Create new production, add the rule of Order Groove Auto delivery discount
you can add other rules to limit it
Add action for Percent Per Item, and set the percent you want.

```ruby
gem 'spree_order_groove'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g spree_order_groove:install
```

Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_order_groove/factories'
```

register the promotion using this code inside config/initializers/spree.rb:
Rails.application.config.spree.promotions.rules << Spree::Promotion::Rules::Autodelivery

Contact me at albertliu at naturalwellbeing dot com.


Copyright (c) 2015 Naturalwellbeing.com, released under the New BSD License
